Recommend using a recent version of Maven Surefire/Failsafe (#4300)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/running-tests.adoc

[[running-tests-build-maven]]
==== Maven

Maven Surefire and Maven Failsafe provide
https://maven.apache.org/surefire/maven-surefire-plugin/examples/junit-platform.html[native support]
for executing tests on the JUnit Platform. The `pom.xml` file in the
`{junit5-jupiter-starter-maven}` project demonstrates how to use the Maven Surefire plugin
and can serve as a starting point for configuring your Maven build.

[WARNING]
.Use recent version of Maven Surefire/Failsafe to avoid interoperability issues
====

> To avoid interoperability issues, it is recommended to use a recent versions of Maven
> Surefire/Failsafe (3.0.0 or later) because it automatically aligns the used version of the
> JUnit Platform Launcher with the JUnit Platform version found on the test runtime
> classpath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid interoperability issues, it is recommended to use a recent version of Maven
Surefire/Failsafe (3.0.0 or later) because it automatically aligns the version of the
JUnit Platform Launcher that is uses with the JUnit Platform version found on the test runtime
classpath.
```

Author: Done in a15e4466ab25767f7a619d11cc1b0005abd70edb
